The left hand and rectangle are STILL visible in the live render.

Do not mark this fixed based on source-file inspection or pixel scans.

I want a live-render isolation test on the exact page that is producing this screenshot.

Step 1 — disable the arena background in the live page

In the exact running build, temporarily set the stage background to:

background-image: none !important;

Refresh the same page.

If the hand and rectangle disappear, then the currently rendered background asset is still responsible.

If they remain, another layer is responsible.

Step 2 — disable layers one-by-one

Temporarily disable, one at a time:

arena background
arena mask
court pulse
hand overlays
paper/shot layer
any pseudo-elements
any canvas/SVG overlay

After each disable, refresh and observe whether the hand/rectangle disappears.

Do not guess.

Step 3 — inspect the actual rendered element

In DevTools on the live page:

inspect the exact rectangle area
identify which DOM element is visually underneath the cursor
report its class/id
report its computed background-image
report its background-color
report any filter, mask, clip-path, box-shadow, opacity, and pseudo-elements
Step 4 — verify loaded asset URL

In Network tab, report the exact background image URL actually loaded by this live page.

Confirm it is really:

arena-clean-4b72fa69.png

and not:

an older arena file
another hashed version
an inline base64 image
a CSS import pointing elsewhere
a different mobile/desktop asset
Step 5 — check the deployed build, not only workspace files

Compare:

source code in workspace
built/deployed CSS
final browser-computed styles

There may be stale built CSS or a second stylesheet still referencing the old image.

Search the entire built output for:

arena.png

arena-clean

hand

and report every match.

Step 6 — no more visual patches

Do not:

paint over it
mask it
blur it
cover it with black

I want the exact live-render source identified and removed.

Acceptance requirement

Do not say “fixed” until the screenshot from the same live page shows:

no left hand
no rectangle
continuous court
only the right throwing hand