Customer shipping address is not being saved into the order record.

This has happened repeatedly across multiple orders, so I want the root cause fixed globally.

Do NOT create another one-off patch for individual orders.

Required fix

Trace the complete production flow:

Stripe Checkout → webhook → Stripe Checkout Session retrieval → shipping details → order database → Super Admin

The shipping address must be captured automatically for every future order.

Stripe data

After checkout.session.completed, retrieve the full Checkout Session from Stripe and explicitly read the shipping/customer delivery data from the Stripe API response.

Do not rely only on the abbreviated webhook payload if shipping details are not included there.

Store:

recipient name
address line 1
address line 2
suburb/city
state
postcode
country
phone if collected

Also keep the original Stripe shipping object/reference where appropriate for troubleshooting.

Checkout configuration

Confirm every physical product Checkout Session explicitly requests a shipping address.

Australia must currently be allowed as a shipping country.

Do not create a Checkout Session for a physical kit without shipping-address collection enabled.

Database

Make sure the production orders schema can actually store the complete shipping address.

If the address is stored as JSON, validate and persist the whole object.

If it uses separate fields, map every Stripe address field correctly.

Do not allow the webhook handler to overwrite a previously saved address with null, {}, or blank values.

One shared function

Create ONE shared server-side function such as:

syncShippingAddressFromStripe(order, checkoutSession)

Use this same logic for:

new checkout webhooks
Sync from Stripe button
existing-order backfill
any future order reconciliation

I do not want different address parsing logic in different parts of the app.

Existing orders

After the global fix is deployed, the existing Sync from Stripe function must use the same shared address-sync logic.

That way old orders with missing addresses can be repaired from Stripe without manual database editing.

Testing before asking me to publish

In development/test mode create a brand-new order with a complete Australian shipping address.

Prove:

Stripe Checkout collected the address.
Stripe's completed Checkout Session contains the address.
The webhook reads it.
The database stores it.
Super Admin displays it.
Sync from Stripe retrieves the same address.

Show me the result of each step.

Do NOT ask me to publish until a NEW test order shows its full shipping address correctly in Super Admin.

Production after publishing

Once deployed, verify one new live order end-to-end.

The shipping address should populate automatically with no Sync button required.

Important

Do not modify:

Stripe payment flow
pricing
Shop design
product management
Arena/game

Fix only the shipping-address capture and synchronization architecture, but fix it everywhere that order data is processed.