Right Hand + Paper State Logic

Update the right-hand interaction so the hand and paper change based on the user's current game state.

Do not redesign the arena.

State 1 — No Asset selected

When no Asset is selected:

show the right hand empty
no paper should be visible
hand should rest naturally in the ready position
do not show a placeholder paper
do not show a circular paper control

The empty hand tells the user they need to choose an Asset first.

State 2 — Asset selected

When the user selects an Asset:

immediately make the crumpled paper appear naturally inside the right hand
the hand should visibly grip the paper
use the selected Asset as the active shot
do not throw yet

The paper should appear as if the hand has just picked it up.

Optional subtle animation:

empty hand → fingers close → paper appears/gripped

Keep this short, around 200–300ms.

State 3 — Shot mode selected

When the user taps Asset Shot / Shoot or enters the pull-back interaction:

rotate the right hand into the throwing position
wrist turns naturally
paper remains firmly inside the hand
hand moves slightly backward into the ready-to-throw pose

The user should clearly see:

holding position → throwing position

Do not release the paper yet.

State 4 — Pull back

As the user pulls/drags:

move the right hand backward with the gesture
rotate the wrist slightly
keep the paper locked inside the fingers
stronger pull = slightly greater hand movement

The paper must stay attached to the hand.

State 5 — Release

When the user releases the flick:

Synchronise this exact sequence:

hand accelerates forward → wrist turns → fingers open → paper separates from fingertips

The paper must leave the hand only at the actual release point.

Do not make the paper disappear from the hand before the throw.

Do not leave a duplicate paper behind.

State 6 — Follow-through

After release:

right hand continues forward/upward naturally
fingers remain open briefly
wrist follows through
then hand returns smoothly to the empty resting position

The hand should now be empty because the Asset has already been thrown.

Successful basket

If the shot scores:

paper passes through hoop
net reacts
paper disappears below net
point is added
right hand returns empty

The scored Asset remains completed/scored.

Miss

If the shot misses:

paper should return to the right hand for another attempt
hand returns to the holding position
user can pull back and shoot again

Do not require the user to select the Asset again after a miss.

Important state machine

Implement the interaction explicitly as states such as:

EMPTY

→ Asset selected →

HOLDING_PAPER

→ Shot activated →

AIMING

→ user pulls →

PULLBACK

→ release →

THROWING

→ success →

EMPTY

or miss →

HOLDING_PAPER

Do not control this only through visual CSS animation. The game state and visual state must stay synchronised.

Critical visual rules

At no point should there be:

paper visible before Asset selection
duplicate paper
paper floating beside the hand
paper inside a white circle
hand throwing while still visibly gripping another paper
Mobile + desktop

Use the same interaction logic on both.

Desktop:

mouse drag/release

Mobile:

touch drag/flick

The mobile gesture should not use a separate visual implementation.

Acceptance test

Test this exact flow:

Open game with no Asset selected → empty right hand.
Tap Asset → paper appears in hand.
Activate shot → hand rotates into throwing position.
Pull back → hand and paper move together.
Release → fingers open and paper leaves hand.
Score → hand returns empty.
Select another Asset → paper appears again.
Miss → paper returns to hand for retry.

Do not change scoring, streaks, court, hoop or other UI while implementing this.